feat(config): managerFilePatterns (#34615)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/docker.md

## How It Works

> 1. Renovate searches in each repository for any files matching each manager's configured `filePatterns`

Author: Splitting loses meaning here

> 1. Renovate searches in each repository for any files matching each manager's configured `filePatterns` pattern(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Renovate searches in each repository for any files matching each manager's configured `filePatterns`
```

> 1. Matching files are parsed, Renovate checks if the file(s) has any Docker image references (e.g. `FROM` lines in a `Dockerfile`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Matching files are parsed, Renovate checks if the file(s) has Docker image references (`FROM` lines in a `Dockerfile`, for example)
```

> 1. If the image tag in use "looks" like a version (e.g. `myimage:1`, `myimage:1.1`, `myimage:1.1.0`, `myimage:1-onbuild`) then Renovate checks the Docker registry for upgrades (e.g. from `myimage:1.1.0` to `myimage:1.2.0`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If the image tag in use "looks" like a version (e.g. `myimage:1`, `myimage:1.1`, `myimage:1.1.0`, `myimage:1-onbuild`), then Renovate checks the Docker registry for updates (like `myimage:1.1.0` to `myimage:1.2.0`)
```

Author: Unrelated to this PR
